README.md, before:

Useful commands
---------------

Build Everything

```
gradlew clean assemble assembleDebugAndroidTest compileDebugUnitTestSources --no-build-cache
```

Run all UI tests
```
gradlew connectedCheck --continue mergeAndroidReports
```


Useful Settings
---------------

From `Magic Home Inventory.iws`:
```xml
<component name="AndroidConfiguredLogFilters">
  <filters>
    <filter>
      <option name="logLevel" value="verbose" />
      <option name="logMessagePattern" value="^(?!Unable to resolve superclass of|Link of class|DexOpt: unable to opt direct call|Could not find class|Could not find method|VFY: |.*\.onUserInteraction\(\)|DecodeImagePath\(decodeResourceStream\d+\)|performCreate Call )" />
      <option name="logTagPattern" value="^(?!AbsListView|endeffect|GestureDetector|CustomFrequencyManager|ApplicationPackageManager|PersonaManager|ProgressBar|ViewRootImpl|MotionRecognitionManager|Timeline|ArrayMap)" />
      <option name="name" value="app: net.twisterrob.inventory.debug" />
      <option name="packageNamePattern" value="net.twisterrob.inventory.debug" />
      <option name="pid" value="" />
    </filter>
    <filter>
      <option name="logLevel" value="verbose" />
      <option name="logMessagePattern" value="^(?!TIMA: QCOM_send_command|.*TIMA_PKM_measure_kernel|rsp_len = |getCSCPackageItemText\(\)|DCD OFF)" />
      <option name="logTagPattern" value="^(?!EDMNativeHelper|EnterpriseDeviceManager|ServiceKeeper|SSRMv2:(Monitor|AmoledAdjustTimer)|STATUSBAR-(IconMerger|PhoneStatusBar|NetworkController)|PersonaManager|KeyguardUpdateMonitor|BatteryService|BatteryMeterView|AwesomePlayer|AudioPlayer|AudioCache|OMX.*|AudioPolicyManagerBase|MediaPlayerService|StagefrightPlayer|OggExtractor|SecMediaClock|MP-Decision|ThermalEngine|MSim-SignalClusterView|StatusBar.MSimNetworkController|ConnectivityService|WifiStateMachine|Prime31|installd|SecCameraCoreManager|mm-camera-sensor)" />
      <option name="name" value="Global with Less Noise" />
      <option name="packageNamePattern" value="" />
      <option name="pid" value="" />
    </filter>
    <filter>
      <option name="logLevel" value="verbose" />
      <option name="logMessagePattern" value="" />
      <option name="logTagPattern" value="^(?!AbsListView|IInputConnectionWrapper|ApplicationPackageManager)" />
      <option name="name" value="app: net.twisterrob.inventory" />
      <option name="packageNamePattern" value="net.twisterrob.inventory" />
      <option name="pid" value="" />
    </filter>
  </filters>
</component>
<component name="AndroidGradleBuildConfiguration">
  <option name="USE_CONFIGURATION_ON_DEMAND" value="false" />
  <option name="COMMAND_LINE_OPTIONS" value="-D--refresh-dependencies -D--offline --stacktrace -D--info" />
</component>
```

Release play-by-play
--------------------

1. Fix all warnings `gradlew clean releaseCheck` should yield 0 warnings.
1. Commit all changes (`svn status` should be empty)
1. `svn update` just to be sure (double-check with `svn info`)
1. `gradlew clean releaseRelease` (1m before ProGuard, 1m for ProGuard)
1. Upload `p:\repos\release\android\net.twisterrob.inventory@*.zip`:
    * `.apk` @ Developer Console > APK > [Alpha](https://play.google.com/apps/publish/?dev_acc=01909946919088079965#ApkPlace:p=net.twisterrob.inventory)
    * `mapping.txt` @ [Deobfuscation](https://play.google.com/apps/publish/?dev_acc=01909946919088079965#DeobfuscationMappingFilesPlace:p=net.twisterrob.inventory)
1. Update http://www.twisterrob.net/project/inventory/ with release notes
1. Update *What's new in this version?* based on previous one
1. Make a backup of current version on the phone with
    ```bash
    adb backup -f Inventory-pre<version>.ab -apk -noobb -noshared -nosystem net.twisterrob.inventory
    ```
1. Make sure the installed release version has all kinds of data
1. Publish to Alpha
1. Check [Pre-launch Report](https://play.google.com/apps/publish/?dev_acc=01909946919088079965#PreLaunchReportPlace:p=net.twisterrob.inventory)
1. Generated in about 15min after upload, if errors, then start again
1. Wait until alpha stage is propagated and update current release version on my phone
1. Smoke test for no errors
1. If no errors Promote to Beta or Prod
1. Update version number in android/build.gradle anticipating minor and commit
1. Send out emails to people who requested features.

External file sources
---------------------

`ic_launcher` idea from http://www.rgbstock.com/bigphoto/meMHCk0/Smiley+Box

`ic_action_select_all` and `ic_action_select_invert` icons from:
 * http://google.github.io/material-design-icons/ (sources: https://github.com/google/material-design-icons)

More can be found at http://materialdesignicons.com/.

Commit message:

[SVN] r3194 Inventory in /Projects/Inventory/ [MOD] Update release steps

README.md, after:

Useful commands
---------------

Build Everything

```
gradlew clean assemble assembleDebugAndroidTest compileDebugUnitTestSources --no-build-cache
```

Run all UI tests
```
gradlew connectedCheck --continue mergeAndroidReports
```


Useful Settings
---------------

From `Magic Home Inventory.iws`:
```xml
<component name="AndroidConfiguredLogFilters">
  <filters>
    <filter>
      <option name="logLevel" value="verbose" />
      <option name="logMessagePattern" value="^(?!Unable to resolve superclass of|Link of class|DexOpt: unable to opt direct call|Could not find class|Could not find method|VFY: |.*\.onUserInteraction\(\)|DecodeImagePath\(decodeResourceStream\d+\)|performCreate Call )" />
      <option name="logTagPattern" value="^(?!AbsListView|endeffect|GestureDetector|CustomFrequencyManager|ApplicationPackageManager|PersonaManager|ProgressBar|ViewRootImpl|MotionRecognitionManager|Timeline|ArrayMap)" />
      <option name="name" value="app: net.twisterrob.inventory.debug" />
      <option name="packageNamePattern" value="net.twisterrob.inventory.debug" />
      <option name="pid" value="" />
    </filter>
    <filter>
      <option name="logLevel" value="verbose" />
      <option name="logMessagePattern" value="^(?!TIMA: QCOM_send_command|.*TIMA_PKM_measure_kernel|rsp_len = |getCSCPackageItemText\(\)|DCD OFF)" />
      <option name="logTagPattern" value="^(?!EDMNativeHelper|EnterpriseDeviceManager|ServiceKeeper|SSRMv2:(Monitor|AmoledAdjustTimer)|STATUSBAR-(IconMerger|PhoneStatusBar|NetworkController)|PersonaManager|KeyguardUpdateMonitor|BatteryService|BatteryMeterView|AwesomePlayer|AudioPlayer|AudioCache|OMX.*|AudioPolicyManagerBase|MediaPlayerService|StagefrightPlayer|OggExtractor|SecMediaClock|MP-Decision|ThermalEngine|MSim-SignalClusterView|StatusBar.MSimNetworkController|ConnectivityService|WifiStateMachine|Prime31|installd|SecCameraCoreManager|mm-camera-sensor)" />
      <option name="name" value="Global with Less Noise" />
      <option name="packageNamePattern" value="" />
      <option name="pid" value="" />
    </filter>
    <filter>
      <option name="logLevel" value="verbose" />
      <option name="logMessagePattern" value="" />
      <option name="logTagPattern" value="^(?!AbsListView|IInputConnectionWrapper|ApplicationPackageManager)" />
      <option name="name" value="app: net.twisterrob.inventory" />
      <option name="packageNamePattern" value="net.twisterrob.inventory" />
      <option name="pid" value="" />
    </filter>
  </filters>
</component>
<component name="AndroidGradleBuildConfiguration">
  <option name="USE_CONFIGURATION_ON_DEMAND" value="false" />
  <option name="COMMAND_LINE_OPTIONS" value="-D--refresh-dependencies -D--offline --stacktrace -D--info" />
</component>
```

Release play-by-play
--------------------

1. Fix all warnings `gradlew clean releaseCheck` should yield 0 warnings.
1. Commit all changes (`svn status` should be empty)
1. `svn update` just to be sure (double-check with `svn info`)
1. `gradlew clean :android:assembleAndroidTest :android:releaseRelease` (1m before ProGuard, 1m for ProGuard)
1. Upload `p:\repos\release\android\net.twisterrob.inventory@*.zip`:
    * `+release.apk`
      @ Developer Console
      \> Release
      \> Testing
      \> Closed Testing
      \> [Alpha](https://play.google.com/console/u/0/developers/7995455198986011414/app/4974852622245161228/tracks/4698365972867036604)
    * `proguard_mapping.txt`
      @ Developer Console
      \> Release
      \> [App bundle explorer](https://play.google.com/console/u/0/developers/7995455198986011414/app/4974852622245161228/bundle-explorer)
      \> Downloads tab
      \> Assets
      \> ReTrace mapping file
1. Update http://www.twisterrob.net/project/inventory/ with release notes.
1. Update *What's new in this version?* based on previous one.
1. Make a backup of current version on the phone with
    ```bash
    adb backup -f Inventory-pre<version>.ab -apk -noobb -noshared -nosystem net.twisterrob.inventory
    ```
    Note to restore a backup for testing use
    ```bash
    adb restore Inventory-pre<version>.ab 
    ```
1. Make sure the installed release version is the previous release, and that it has all kinds of data.
1. Publish to Alpha.
1. Check [Pre-launch Report](https://play.google.com/console/u/0/developers/7995455198986011414/app/4974852622245161228/pre-launch-report/overview)
1. Generated in about 15 minutes after upload, if errors, then start again.
1. Wait until alpha stage is propagated and update current release version on my phone.
1. Smoke test for no errors.
1. If no errors Promote to Beta or Prod with staged rollout.
1. Set up a reminder in calendar to check for crashes and bump rollout.
1. Update version number in android/build.gradle anticipating minor and commit.
1. Send out emails to people who requested features.

External file sources
---------------------

`ic_launcher` idea from http://www.rgbstock.com/bigphoto/meMHCk0/Smiley+Box

`ic_action_select_all` and `ic_action_select_invert` icons from:
 * http://google.github.io/material-design-icons/ (sources: https://github.com/google/material-design-icons)

More can be found at http://materialdesignicons.com/.
